c:\users\zchung\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\AddControl.g.cs
c:\users\zchung\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\AddWindow.g.cs
c:\users\zchung\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\zchung\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\zchung\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\zchung\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\ProjectCalendar_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\zchung\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\ProjectCalendar_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\zchung\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\bin\Debug\ProjectCalendar.exe.config
c:\users\zchung\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\bin\Debug\ProjectCalendar.exe
c:\users\zchung\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\bin\Debug\ProjectCalendar.pdb
c:\users\zchung\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\AddControl.baml
c:\users\zchung\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\AddWindow.baml
c:\users\zchung\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\zchung\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\ProjectCalendar.g.resources
c:\users\zchung\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\ProjectCalendar.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\zchung\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\ProjectCalendar.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\zchung\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\ProjectCalendar.exe
c:\users\zchung\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\ProjectCalendar.pdb
C:\Users\zchung\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\NewProjWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\zchung\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\NewProjWindow.baml
C:\Users\zchung\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\Views\ProjectViewControl.g.cs
C:\Users\zchung\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\Views\ProjectViewControl.baml
C:\Users\zchung\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\ProjectCalendar.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\bin\Debug\ProjectCalendar.exe.config
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\bin\Debug\ProjectCalendar.exe
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\bin\Debug\ProjectCalendar.pdb
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\Views\ProjectViewControl.g.cs
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\ProjectCalendar_MarkupCompile.cache
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\ProjectCalendar_MarkupCompile.lref
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\Views\ProjectViewControl.baml
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\ProjectCalendar.g.resources
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\ProjectCalendar.Properties.Resources.resources
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\ProjectCalendar.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\ProjectCalendar.exe
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\ProjectCalendar.pdb
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\ProjectCalendar.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\Views\AddControl.g.cs
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\Views\CalControl.g.cs
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\Views\AddControl.baml
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\Views\CalControl.baml
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\Windows\CalendarWindow.g.cs
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\Windows\MainWindow.g.cs
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\Windows\NewProjWindow.g.cs
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\Windows\NewTaskWindow.g.cs
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\Windows\TaskDisplay.g.cs
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\Windows\UserWindow.g.cs
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\Windows\CalendarWindow.baml
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\Windows\MainWindow.baml
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\Windows\NewProjWindow.baml
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\Windows\NewTaskWindow.baml
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\Windows\TaskDisplay.baml
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\Windows\UserWindow.baml
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\bin\Debug\Resources\EmployeeList.CSV
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\ProjectCalendar_Content.g.cs
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\bin\Debug\ProjectCalendar.exe.manifest
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\bin\Debug\ProjectCalendar.application
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\ProjectCalendar.exe.manifest
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\ProjectCalendar.application
T:\Zachary\ProjectCalendar\ProjectCalendar\obj\Debug\ProjectCalendar.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
